This is a C program that performs polynomial addition.
It reads in two polynomials as input from the user, stores them as arrays of coefficients and exponents in a struct called poly,
and then adds the polynomials together to produce a third polynomial as the output.

The program defines a struct called poly that has two fields: a float coefficient and an int exponent. 
It also defines an array of poly structs called terms, with a maximum size of 100. 
The variable avail is used to keep track of the number of elements currently in the terms array.

The polyadd function takes six arguments: starta, startb, finisha, finishb, startd, and finishd.
These arguments represent the starting and ending indices of the terms in the two input polynomials and the resulting polynomial.
The function adds the two input polynomials together and stores the result in the third polynomial.

The attach function takes three arguments: a float coefficient, an int exponent, and an index. 
It assigns the coefficient and exponent values to the appropriate poly struct in the terms array at the specified index.
The main function reads in the two input polynomials from the user, stores them in the terms array using the attach function,
and then calls the polyadd function to add the two input polynomials together and store the result in the terms array. 
Finally, the program prints out the three polynomials: the two input polynomials and the resulting polynomial after addition.

Note that this program assumes that the user inputs the terms of the polynomials in descending order of exponents.

OUTPUT
Enter the number of terms in polynomial1:3
Enter the coefficients and exponents in DESCENDING order
Coefficient: 3
Exponent: 2
Coefficient: 2
Exponent: 1
Coefficient: 1
Exponent: 0
Enter the number of terms in polynomial2:2
Enter the coefficients and exponents in DESCENDING order
Coefficient: 5
Exponent: 1
Coefficient: 4
Exponent: 0
Expression 1 = 3.00x^2 + 2.00x^1 + 1.00x^0
Expression 2 = 5.00x^1 + 4.00x^0
The resultant expression is: 3.00x^2 + 7.00x^1 + 5.00x^0
In this example, we are inputting two polynomials, with the first polynomial having 3 terms and the second polynomial having 2 terms. 
The terms of both polynomials are input in descending order of exponents.
After inputting the two polynomials, the program outputs the two input polynomials and then computes their sum using the polyadd function. 
Finally, the program outputs the result of the addition in the form of a polynomial.
