The code is an implementation of the sparse matrix data structure in C. Sparse matrices are matrices that contain a large number of elements with a value of zero. Since most of the elements are zero, it is more efficient to store only the non-zero elements and their respective indices, instead of storing the entire matrix. This approach can save memory and computational resources.

Here is a brief explanation of the functions in the code:

readtoSparse function:

This function takes an array of sparse structures as input, which will be used to store the sparse matrix.
It prompts the user to enter the number of rows and columns of the matrix, and then reads the matrix elements from the user.
For each non-zero element, it stores the row index, column index, and value of the element in a sparse structure, and increments the spar counter.
After reading all the matrix elements, it sets the row, col, and val fields of the first sparse structure to the dimensions of the matrix and the number of non-zero elements, respectively.
It calculates the sparsity of the matrix (i.e., the ratio of the number of zero elements to the total number of elements), and returns this value as a float.
printSparse function:

This function takes an array of sparse structures as input, which contains the sparse matrix to be printed.
It prints the row index, column index, and value of each non-zero element in the matrix, using a loop that iterates through the sparse array.
main function:

This is the main function of the program, which calls the readtoSparse and printSparse functions to read and print the sparse matrix, respectively.
It also calculates and prints the sparsity of the matrix, using the value returned by the readtoSparse function.

OUTPUT
Enter no. of rows of matrix: 3
Enter no. of columns of matrix: 4
Enter elements of matrix:
0 0 0 1
2 0 0 0
0 3 4 0
Sparse representation is :
Rows Column Value
3    1     1
1    0     2
2    1     3
2    2     4
Sparsity of the matrix is : 75.00%
In this example, the user entered a 3x4 matrix with only 5 non-zero elements. The program then printed the sparse representation of the matrix, which shows the row, column, and value of each non-zero element. 
The sparsity of the matrix is also printed, which in this case is 75%.